# BlackScholes
I've written a function in Python 3 which takes in 4 input variables from the user. The first variable is a string which is the name of the path of a csv file. The csv file is a typical file downloaded from NASDAQ. The file contains as the first column dates and the closing price of a stock corresponding to that date. The csv file I've chosen in order to test the function contains the stock prices of NVIDIA, a GPU making company, from the last 6 months. The second input variable is the Strike price, which I have chosen to be $220. The third variable the function takes is the risk free borrowing rate, which I have chosen to make 6.5%. The last variable is the time of expiration which should be an integer number corresponding to a number of days. I have chosen 131, which is 4 days more than the last day of the stock price csv file from NASDAQ. The first thing the function does is some preprocessing on the csv file such as reverse the order of the stock prices to go from past to present, converts the stock prices to floats, isolates the columns, only grabbing what is necessary, etc. Then the function calculates some statistics on the stock prices such as mean, variance, etc. It then calculates the two integrals found in the Black Scholes formula. It finally uses those integrals to calculate call option prices corresponding to each stock price. Finally, it writes and outputs a new csv file containing 3 columns, the dates, the stock prices at the market close on those dates, and the price of a call option based on the price of the stock. The file is named the same as the original csv but now with the phrase "with call option prices" appended.
